# STOKR Smart contracts




## Abstract


[STOKR] is as crowd-investing platform based on smart contracts on the
[Ethereum] blockchain.
On [STOKR] many projects will be deployed with the same smart contract
structure (see [project manager](#manager)).
There will be a shared [whitelist](#whitelist) for all projects on [STOKR].
Each project has its own ERC20 [Token](#token) and its
[Crowdsale](#crowdsale) contract instance.
The token contract is able to distribute profits generated by the projects
to the token holders.

[STOKR]: https://stokr.io
[Ethereum]: https://www.ethereum.org

## License

    The STOKR Frameowork is as crowd-investing platform based on smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain
    Copyright (C) 2019  Lukas Cremer, Gèrard Baecker

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
    
    STOKR S.A, at 9, rue du Laboratoire, L-1911 Luxembourg, hello@stokr.io


## Development

**Dependencies**

* "chai": "^4.2.0",
* "chai-as-promised": "^7.1.1",
* "chai-bignumber": "^2.0.2",
* "eth-gas-reporter": "^0.1.12",
* "ganache-cli": "^6.4.1",
* "solhint": "^1.4.0",
* "solidity-coverage": "^0.5.11",
* "truffle": "^4.1.14",
* "truffle-flattener": "^1.2.10"

## Setting Up

* Clone this repository.

  * `git clone https://github.com/stokr-io/stokr-smart-contracts`

* Install all [system dependencies](#development).

  * `npm install`

* Compile contract code

  * `./node_modules/.bin/truffle compile`

## Running tests

  * You first have to start the Ganache client
    * `./node_modules/.bin/ganache-cli --gasLimit 8000000`

    * Then run `./node_modules/.bin/truffle test`

  * For test coverage run `./node_modules/.bin/solidity-coverage`

    * Note: The coverage tool will show several test as failed. This is because the
      tests rely on reading the return value of requires, which is not suported by the coverage tool.
      The coverage will still be calculated acurately.
